Update conditionalaccessusers.md (#18080)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/resources/includes/conditionalAccessExternalTenants.md

> ---

Reviewer: Is there a particular reason why the location of this file is 
api-reference/beta/resources/includes and not 
api-reference/beta/resources
Will this file turn into automated content when called?

title: "conditionalAccessExternalTenants resource type"
description: "Represents external tenants in the policy scope."
ms.localizationpriority: medium
author: "sandeo"
ms.prod: "identity-and-sign-in"
doc_type: resourcePageType
---

# conditionalAccessExternalTenants resource type

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

Represents external tenants in the policy scope.

## Properties

| Property     | Type        | Description |
|:-------------|:------------|:------------|

> | membershipKind |conditionalAccessExternalTenantsMembershipKind collection | Enum types represent the membership kind. Supported values include `all`, `enumerated` and `unknownFutureValue`. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| membershipKind |conditionalAccessExternalTenantsMembershipKind collection | Represents the membership kind. Supported values are: `all`, `enumerated` and `unknownFutureValue`. |
```
